hey YouTube is awesome 184 and today I'm
gonna show you kind of could a companion
for Rifton he's a mage but you can also
give them armor and weapons and that's
what I'll show first you need to go to
the being barb which is in Riften so I'm
just holding that later so if you didn't
get it just in case
but um yeah you can give him whatever
armor you want and he'll just put it on
right away like I'm gonna demonstrate
here a minute he only cost five hundred
gold so but first you have to get rid of
video furious his name's Marie why
hiding at your side okay he cost five
hundred you have to get rid of Lydia but
on mine Lydia died so I don't it doesn't
really matter to me this is just about
you died on your side nothing so he
stands up divine smile on you
I am an apprentice so yeah you can take
this ebony dagger phone then who are you
to bow automatically but then you can
give him I'm gonna give them this
yes so there you go there's your
companion and I practice research I left
him he I haven't tried him out yet I'm
gonna go try them out and then I'll tell
you in the comments how good he is he's
out